Add export function to API (#784)
ChuckerTeam/chucker: CHANGELOG.md

* Brotli compression support
* Added ability to export list of transactions as .har file.
* Added ability to save single transaction as .har file.

> * Added ability to export transactions to a file triggered in code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added ability to export transactions to a file programmatically.
```
